# The-Best-Acoustic-Guitar-Cases-For-Your-Money
<p>You really enjoy playing your&nbsp;<a class="external" href="https://best-of-acoustic-guitar.blogspot.com/2020/01/smartxchoices-acoustic-guitar-for.html" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">best acoustic guitar</a>, and you know that you'll be taking it on the road with you from time to time. You also know that you want to take good care of your investment and that you're going to want to protect it from the nicks, scrapes, and dings that it can encounter on the road. You've decided to start looking at acoustic guitar cases, but you are unsure of exactly what to take into consideration when buying one. Although it may be a hard decision to make, it is beneficial to take some time and consider what your options are when choosing a way to protect your guitar.</p>
<p>The first thing that you need to consider is whether you are going to get a hardshell case or a softshell gig bag. The hardshell case will give you the most protection, as its custom-molded interior will not allow the guitar to move around, and the hard shell will protect the best from bumps and scrapes. This particular style of case, however, will be the bulkiest and most cumbersome to lug around with you. A nice added feature is that many hardshell cases have a combination lock on them so that only you can open them.</p>
<p>The next and more economical option is the soft shell gig bag. This kind of bag offers much less protection but still can help combat against scrapes, nicks, and dings. It also has the added benefit of having extra pouches, for things such as books, picks, and tuners. They often come with straps as well, so that you can put the guitar on your back and avoid the uncomfortable feeling of your hand going numb while holding onto a guitar case.</p>
<p>There are many things to take into consideration when choosing an acoustic guitar case. Take the time to check out a few models and educate yourself on the positives and negatives of each particular model. From there, you will have enough knowledge to make a well-educated decision, resulting in a guitar case that will last a lifetime.</p>
